Step1: Upload the arduino code to the UNO board Using arduino IDE (file is uploaded in this repository)
step2: close the arduino IDE after uploading the arduino code

step3: this step includes Ubuntu setup — prerequisites (Run these in terminal)
        # update
          sudo apt update
          sudo apt install -y python3 python3-pip python3-venv xdotool playerctl lm-sensors psutil

        # Optional useful tools:
          sudo apt install -y iotop htop

        # Add your user to dialout so you can access /dev/ttyUSB0 or /dev/ttyACM0
          sudo usermod -a -G dialout $USER
        # You might have to log out and in for the group change to apply. 

Step4: Create a folder ~/ARControl and inside create a Python virtualenv and script. (we are creating a project directory and activating the virtual environment)
       mkdir -p ~/ARControl
       cd ~/ARControl
       python3 -m venv .venv
       source .venv/bin/activate
       pip install pyserial psutil

Step5: Creating a python bridge to establish communication betweeen Arduino and Ubuntu
       we will write a python script and save it in the prject directory. (This file too have been uploaded in this repository)

Step6: Check for the warnings hit by your system (linux), if it is recommending any tools or prerequisites, please install it, (follow your command prompt/Terminal)

step7: Run the python file which was created in step5.

step8: Now the system-control-monitoring console have been established
      You would be able to change the system volume with rotating the knob of 1st potentiometer.
      You would be able to change the brightness of the system with 2nd pot.
      You would be able to move the cursor with the help of joystick.
      You will notice the servo motor is rotating in the real time to show the RAM usage, it would be very accurate, even a single browser tab's activity or inactivity will make the motor rotate. clockwise for increment in usage and anticlock for reduced usage
      Those 4 leds will glow as per the temperature ranges in which your cpu's current temp in falling.

Step9: Verification:
       - Temperature Verification (Consider the file I've uploaded in this repo regarding heating and monitoring the cpu temp.
       - You may also cross check the ram usage pointing accuracy of servo motor with a terminal command or any RAM metric application.
       - you will notice the sync between joystick and cursor is very smooth.
